Dear Arduino Fans,

RTuinOS, the Real-Time Operating System (RTOS) for Arduino, has been
revised and is now released as 1.0.

Two technical changes have been made in comparison to the first release
(December 2012, version 0.9,
http://arduino.cc/forum/index.php?topic=138643.0): The event concept has
been generalized. Events can now be broadcasted events, semaphores or
mutexes. This permits to implement all the usual inter-task communication
patterns. Please refer to the user guide and the diverse code samples for
details.

The second technical change is a complete revision of the makefile. It has
been improved in many aspects and it now supports three operating systems;
the RTuinOS samples (as well as your applications) can be built under
Linux, Windows and Mac OS. Many thanks to Sudar Muthu
(mailto:sudar@sudarmuthu.com, http://HardwareFun.com), who has made the
port from Windows to the other systems.

To us Arduino is a toy and we believe it's the same to many of you. To
strengthen this idea we added one particular sample (tc14), which does not
only prove the operability of RTuinOS but also implements a true
application of the Arduino 2560 Mega board with the LCD shield. Different
tasks measure the analog input voltage and compute other information and
handle the button input. All of these tasks share the display to present
their information. The code is not only a test case but also instructive
and meant as a practical how-to-do guide. We hope this sample will spark
your interest in running RTuinOS on your Arduino board!

RTuinOS 1.0 is distributed as setup (a ZIP archive), which contains all
source files and the complete documentation, also with source files.
Building the samples can be started immediately after unzipping and
setting a single environment variable (not necessary for those, who
already run RTuinOS 0.9).

Forum members can download the setup from the forum, but in the past this
turned out to be unreliable. A second location for the download of the
setup is https://github.com/PeterVranken/RTuinOS. Click on the desired ZIP
file entry (RTuinOS-1.0.2.zip), then on button Raw to start the download.

Furthermore, Sudar Muthu set up a GitHub repository meanwhile which hosts
all the source files. This repository will become the principal location for
future development of RTuinOS. Please visit https://github.com/sudar/RTuinOS.

Thank you for your kind interest in RTuinOS; your feedback is welcome.

With kind regards

Peter Vranken
